Add --keep-original-year flag to allow stale years to be unchanged (#78)
Lucas-C/pre-commit-hooks: README.md

  years they contain -- as if they used the year currently present in the
  license file.

> You can also use `--keep-original-year` to allow stale years to be unchanged. Using both `--keep-original-year` 

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use `--allow-past-years` to allow stale years to be unchanged. Using both `--allow-past-years` 
```

> You can also use `--allow-past-years` to allow stale years to be unchanged. Using both `--allow-past-years` 
> and `--use-current-year` issues a year range as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `--allow-past-years` to allow stale years to be unchanged.
Using both `--allow-past-years` and `--use-current-year` issues a year
range as described above.
```
